Update Snowflake Iceberg Docs (#7893)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/mesh/iceberg/snowflake-iceberg-support.md

:::

> We recommend that you use the Iceberg catalog configuration and apply the catalog in the model config for ease of use and future-proof your code. Using `table_format = 'iceberg'` directly on the model configuration is a legacy approach and limits usage to just Snowflake Horizon as the catalog. Catalog support is available on dbt 1.10+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using the Iceberg catalog configuration and applying the catalog in the model config for ease of use and to future-proof your code. Using `table_format = 'iceberg'` directly on the model configuration is a legacy approach and limits usage to just Snowflake Horizon as the catalog. Catalog support is available on dbt 1.10+
```

## Iceberg catalogs

Snowflake has support for Iceberg tables via built-in and external catalogs, including:
- Snowflake Horizon (the built-in catalog) 
- Polaris/Open Catalog (managed Polaris)

> - Glue Data Catalog (Iceberg REST catalog integration is recommended)

Reviewer 2: see comment below

## Iceberg catalogs

Snowflake has support for Iceberg tables via built-in and external catalogs, including:
- Snowflake Horizon (the built-in catalog) 
- Polaris/Open Catalog (managed Polaris)

> - Glue Data Catalog*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Glue Data Catalog (Not supported in dbt-snowflake)
```

- Iceberg REST Compatible 

dbt supports the Snowflake built-in catalog and Iceberg REST compatible catalogs (including Polaris and Unity Catalog) on dbt-snowflake. 

To use an externally managed catalog (anything outside of the built-in catalog), you must set up a catalog integration. To do so, you must run a SQL command similar to the following. 

> *Not supported in dbt-snowflake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| `catalog_name`   | yes      | The name of the catalog integration in Snowflake. For example, `my_dbt_iceberg_catalog`)|
| `external_volume`| yes      | `<external_volume_name>`                                                                |
| `table_format`   | yes      | `iceberg`                                                                               |
| `catalog_type`   | yes      | `built_in`, `iceberg_rest`                                                             |
| `adapter_properties`| optional| See below                                                                    |

> You can connect to external Iceberg compatible catalogs such as Polaris, Unity Catalog, and Glue Data Catalog via the Iceberg REST `catalog_type`. Please note that we only support Iceberg REST with [Catalog Linked Databases](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-iceberg-catalog-linked-database) 

Reviewer 2: Our current implementation doesn't support Glue

| `catalog_name`   | yes      | The name of the catalog integration in Snowflake. For example, `my_dbt_iceberg_catalog`)|
| `external_volume`| yes      | `<external_volume_name>`                                                                |
| `table_format`   | yes      | `iceberg`                                                                               |
| `catalog_type`   | yes      | `built_in`, `iceberg_rest`                                                             |
| `adapter_properties`| optional| See below                                                                    |

> You can connect to external Iceberg compatible catalogs such as Polaris and Unity Catalog via the Iceberg REST `catalog_type`. Please note that we only support Iceberg REST with [Catalog Linked Databases](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-iceberg-catalog-linked-database) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can connect to external Iceberg compatible catalogs such as Polaris and Unity Catalog via the Iceberg REST `catalog_type`. Please note that we only support Iceberg REST with [Catalog Linked Databases](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-iceberg-catalog-linked-database). 
```

### Adapter Properties

> These are the additional configurations, unique to Snowflake, that can be supplied and nested under `adapter_properties` to add in more configurability. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the additional configurations, unique to Snowflake, that can be supplied and nested under `adapter_properties`. 
```

## Iceberg table format

> The dbt-snowflake adapter also supports applying `table_format` as an standalone configuration for dbt-snowflake models. We do not recommend using this as it is a legacy behavior and you will only be able to write to Snowflake Horizon (not external Iceberg catalogs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dbt-snowflake adapter also supports applying `table_format` as a standalone configuration for dbt-snowflake models. We recommend against using this, as it is a legacy behavior, and you will only be able to write to Snowflake Horizon (not external Iceberg catalogs).
```
